Release/56.0.0 (#2581)
MetaMask/snaps: packages/snaps-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [7.0.0]
### Added

> - **BREAKING:** Add non-restricted RPC method `snap_resolveInterface`, which allows a snap to resolve a given user interface bound to a `snap_dialog` with a custom value. ([#2509](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2509))

Reviewer: While this PR is breaking, it doesn't break `snaps-sdk`. We may want to do a minor bump here.

```suggestion
- Add non-restricted RPC method `snap_resolveInterface` ([#2509](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2509))
   - This method allows a Snap to resolve a given user interface bound to a `snap_dialog` with a custom value.
```

Author: Downgraded `snaps-sdk` to minor release: https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/pull/2581/commits/79e11a92113b1e4860cbe0bf73cb75362a7ff08e

  - Add new types `ResolveInterfaceParams`, `ResolveInterfaceResult`.

> - feat: Card component ([#2480](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2480))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `Card` component ([#2480](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2480))
```

- Add `Card` component ([#2480](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2480))

> - Add `BoxChildStruct`, `FormChildStruct`, `FieldChildUnionStruct`. ([#2409](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2409))

Reviewer: One more:
```suggestion
- Add `BoxChildStruct`, `FormChildStruct`, `FieldChildUnionStruct` ([#2409](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2409))
```
We generally don't end the "main" changelog entry with a period.

### Changed

> - `RootJSXElementStruct` is updated so that the allowed JSX elements at the root are the null union of the Container component and the allowed children of the Box component. ([#2526](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2526))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `RootJSXElement` to allow `Container` or `Box` at the root ([#2526](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2526))
```

- Bump `@metamask/key-tree` from `^9.1.1` to `^9.1.2` ([#2445](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/pull/2445))
- Bump `@metamask/rpc-errors` from `^6.2.1` to `^6.3.1` ([#2445](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/pull/2445))
- Bump `@metamask/utils` from `^8.3.0` to `^9.1.0` ([#2445](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/pull/2445))

### Fixed

> - Add `typedUnion` utility which strictly validates members of the union based on a type field. ([#2534](https://github.com/metamask/snaps/pull/2534))

Reviewer: This is an internal function, so it doesn't need to be mentioned in the changelog.

```suggestion
```
